lake: update supported cloud providers and regions (#23561)
pingcap/docs: tidb-cloud-lake/guides/platforms-regions.md

> {{{ .lake }}} is a cloud-native solution that currently supports [Amazon S3](https://aws.amazon.com/s3/) in the following regions:

Author: ```suggestion
{{{ .lake }}} is a cloud-native solution that currently supports the following cloud providers and regions:
```
